hello I'm Jay and welcome on skyward
sketch opening where I get liked holding
offing I'm just gonna open from cajuns
coward and look for double fortune yeah
double fortune here always there's
always day before teen all be wanda
let's see i can get something probably a
trash it's like anyways it's like a try
i like the worst luck ever even more
words i never got a lightened area no
click for 600 cages and I God mining
already got that amazing man will get
something good now and nope trash open
more can I open more okay head open to
more um give me something good for once
though I think I opened like a lot of
things already but not I cage Oh amazing
I already had that little whoa i have
like everything I just get like I
already have that all the commons and I
like all the comes already I think I
already got that amazing well Kate she
died she liked for it is one mmm dude
this one I mean just one was amazing so
let's hop into game and we're only a my
parent and I got armor and stuff and
actually it went really fast damn can I
have please Oh got it I always have like
ton gear so it makes my kid
actually useless this book maybe I
should like to like use an older kid but
whatever i'm Logies in the hit i got
like the shiz armor in the world so
you with your poison no no one its
poison it's only just annoying I'm
really good at mega walls you see you
see oh that's amazing legolas player
confirm fast with the blocks and stuff
see amazing um
only have one block um I'm gonna help me
I there's someone else already I mess up
my Island I don't know is it yeah it is
um how do I get more blocks oh that's
helps a lot thank you God for more
blocks let's climb up here I'm actually
a 1.8 I hate one point AP key anyways oh
you're likely a bridge here and two guys
up there are defining can I lick clean
up how about know how I'm gonna
there are some in the new few I hope you
understand that come Harris bro here
like teaming boob boob and the kills two
and other calcio boop OU pral here oh
gosh iris pro can I get some new me
sharpens ok and this point now I'm
little bit regens always good oh and
they'll oh actually can make i think i
think i can still make sharpest let's
see enville um book sharpest yes steel
sharpens I'm sort of yeah I'm happy just
something in your Oh gabbles and I
pickaxe though I need eggs we need eggs
though eggs are bad more regen I'm gonna
need the more XP levels that it was a
normal sword morgue apples apples are
always nice hello oh you're an appealing
to me okay
hello sir what is the sky to Ingo how
many times do I need to hit this guy for
it actually dies I think he's never
gonna buy finally tied to haul this guy
things like 12 million hits for fuck's
sake so I see you guys in mixing ok ok
whatever next try i'm terrible terrible
just getting whatever let's just vote
for none none okey I guess whatever did
I get awesome stuff I hope I get awesome
stuff I think you're more chest on you
yes sharp is oh god I have all the armor
in the world on amazing where my likings
I don't have pants um Oh ripp I can make
sure miss to oh it's cool shoppers to
mine put ice knife 9.5 Danny that's a
lot i think i love this map because yeah
you can just go nope bye if you mind i'm
going to mid xdd
Oh actually is just needed his likings
okay rip for him repinned though even
though I wanted his Lighting's like
apples they can't use that on kapil
actually I love big apples in the text
effect though it's like Red Bull move
morgue apples and stuff ooh what do I
get from middle I won't actually want
some hands I should really want some
pants and the girls now oh god don't set
me on fire no kill him kill him film
film film good oh my god so getting this
game amazing ten out of ten player
leaderboards player here totally without
hands I don't need pens Spencer for
nerds I got a team or like the only
players I think they're all our player
it is let's just kill him for his pants
oh nothing personal I just want your
pants don't just please die oh god damn
just didn't want to die huh I offense
I'm happy the last guy is there I have a
bow wish I had a boulder
Lock them off my come off like mark
please gondal a good eye please got a
he's dead all wrecked easy peasy
flawless tang Victoria yo you work
apples I hope you guys liked the video
like leaving in the columns of you want
more skywards and yeah see you guys next
time bye